So, about the stuff you see before you, for the moment at least there are four items and a bunch of posts.
The bunch of posts its probably relatively obvious that it's a blog, not due to be my main blog its a place where I note stuff about my testing. There is another - proper blog - in the pipeline, it just needs to be done yet like virtually everything else :).

As for the other four items, they are my testing pages. I've not done very much with them yet, the oldest one is the w3css one.
This one is what this new website format replaced, it was a testing site for working with the w3 css file you can find here https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/4/w3.css .
As such the site is a little more complete than the other so far, it looks almost like a workable webpage. This of course was the plan, but after a while I found it a bit clunky, overbearing, and even unreliable.

Enter item 2, the bootstrap page. I have been advised that bootstrap is a handy way to do what I had basically been doing previously, so I decided to investigate and realised it would be easier if I still had access to my other page, so I could attempt something similar.
As it still stands, I haven't gone much further with this. I was pulled off to other background tasks of greater importance, but recognising the value in what I had done here I developed it a little more in preparation for my return to webpage design.

Item three the sass page is basically an identical version of the previous one currently, but the plan is different. After losing interest in the w3 stylesheet, I saw bootstrap was much the same in nature.
However I also gained some skills in Sass around this time and realised it was vey powerful and that I could effectively design my efficient version of what they had done. So this page is waiting for me to tackle that approach for what it is worth.

Item 4 the javascript page is a completely different animal altogether, it occured when I first attempted to look back at webpage design. I had been learning a lot about how javascript works as part of my ongoing interest in code, but I quickly realised the most logical reason for it is what it can do so easily with websites due to its cross platform acceptance in browsers.
So I built myself a javascript test page and began testing out some ideas to better understand how it could be used. I am keen however to keep it away from animation and other such style features, as I believe good javascript leaves the style to the stylesheets and only handles purely functional background matters.

so thats what you are looking at, though understandably, all of it is subject to change as needs come and go.
